Hello everyone, I’m @lulla01! I am a digital marketer with interests specifically in content marketing, social media marketing, SEO inbound marketing and email marketing. I am also very interested in web development and UI/UX design. Being in digital marketing is an exciting experience that provides new challenges every day. My interest and journey into becoming a software developer has taught me that the career offers the same experience.
My interest in digital marketing has led me to be the head of marketing for an ecommerce platform. I have worked consistently to upskill myself and learn more about the field of digital marketing and marketing as a whole. I enjoy working on projects that contribute to improving our business and providing a quality experience for our customers. 
My journey into web development has taught me about HTML, CSS, JavaScript and more. Seeing how different programming languages communicate with another so swiftly and knowing that I’m the one making it happen is incredibly satisfying. It has piqued my interest and shown me that there is a lot that goes into making beautiful websites happen. 
This also piqued my interest in web design and lead me to UI/UX design. Designing interactive web pages showed me the thought and detail that goes into mapping out a customer’s journey that provides that absolute best customer experience.
These varying interests led me to start an agency offering service in digital marketing, UI/UX design and web development. It is a startup offering these services to small business to help them make the transition to be online and more visible.
If you’re interested in connecting with me or learning more about any field I’m in, you can email me at lullaluve@gmail.com
